{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\b\f0\fs20 RTS Snails and Slugs Modder Pack - Cait Sith's Snails and Slugs - abot pack\par
Models by Cait Sith\par
Textures by redwoodtreesprite\par
redwoodtreesprite@yahoo.com\par
http://www.zyworld.com/redwoodtreesprite/Home.htm\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
CONTENTS\par
Description\par
Technical\par
Credits and Permissions\par
Feedback\par
\par
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
DESCRIPTION\par
\par
Texture variations of Cait's snail and slug creatures.   \par
Also included is a matching shell treasure for each different snail, and goo and goop treasure for the slugs.\par
\par
The animations for these creatures are really remarkable.  The stalks move about, the bodies stretch and contract, and the\par
snails pull into their shells.  See below for important technical information on how to use these creatures in mods.  As well\par
as very important information regarding the animations.  READ THE TECHNICAL SECTION BEFORE TRYING THE ESPS!\par
\par
The snails and slugs are entered in separate modder's esps, but not placed ingame.   There is also a demo esp, with a large\par
number of snails and slugs around the Dren Plantation.  This esp required the Snail modder esp and the Slug modder esp.\par
The esps were cleaned with TESTool and checked with TESAME.  Only Morrowind is required.\par
\par
I have also included the original shell, snail and slug models and textures, for those who'd like to make their own versions.\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
TECHNICAL\par
\par
As with all creature esps, there is a chance of animations suddenly not being recognized if a change is made to a creature's\par
stats, inventory, spells or such.  If this happens, the best way to fix it is to reselect the nif, save the creature and then the esp, \par
and then quit and reload the esp. \par
\par
----------------------------\par
\par
IMPORTANT!!!\par
Because of the way these creatures move, Morrowind and the editor will give you the following warning:\par
"AnimGroup "WalkForward" for "CLONE RTS_CaitSlug_" was exported with "Animate in Place" from MAX."\par
This has no effect on gameplay at all, and the snails and slugs animate perfectly ingame.  But it is a good idea to\par
put instructions in your readmes  on how to allow yes to all, so all the initial warnings won't overload the player:\par
\par
AllowYesToAll=1 entered in the INI/Morrowind Configuration Settings will allow the player to check only one popup warning box.\par
\par
These creatures are so beautifully animated that this is well worth doing.  But you will want to make sure the player understands\par
about the error message and to add the AllowYesToAll=1 to his/her INI/Morrowind Configuration Settings.\par
\par
---------------------------\par
\par
Using in Leveled Lists\par
I tested these in leveled lists and they worked very well.  However, I did notice that the level you set them at in the lists does affect\par
greatly how often they will appear.   Obviously when the player character is at level one, he/she will see a lot more.  But as the character's\par
level goes up, the number of snails and slugs seen will go down if you keep them at level one in the lists.  So if you want to have a lot of\par
snails and slugs wandering about, be sure to also have some entered at higher levels.\par
\par
---------------------------\par
\par
Slugs and Snails Underwater\par
Make them walking, not swimming.  While this means they can crawl out of the water, it will allow them to move properly\par
on the ocean, lake or river's floor.  When playtesting them in leveled lists, I saw all of the snails and slugs moving normally on \par
the bottom.  When one reached a rock it couldn't climb up, it tried for about a minute to keep going.  It's feelers stretched in\par
an odd way and disengaged on occasion.  Then it turned and crawled normally in a new direction.  It's feelers moved fine then.\par
\par
I do not recommend making them hostile underwater.  See below for why.\par
\par
------------------------------\par
\par
Hostile Slugs and Snails\par
They do have attack animations, but their feelers sometimes disengage when they attack.  This is particularly noticable when\par
the large size ones are made 2x size larger, and is extremely noticable underwater.  So if you want aggresive slugs and snails,\par
use the little ones at normal size.  And I do recommend making them faster, or it could be almost a comedy,\par
watching a bunch of tiny irritated slugs or snails coming towards you at about 1/2 a foot per minute.  \par
\par
-------------------------------\par
\par
Activators\par
These work very, very well as activators!  They don't move forward, but their bodies pulsate and their feelers move about.\par
So you can place snails and slugs on the sides of your plants and trees.  Perhaps with a script it might be possible to make them\par
disappear when you click on them.  Something for a modder to work on. \par
\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
CREDITS and PERMISSIONS\par
\par
Shell, Snail and Slug Models and original texture templates by Cait Sith\par
Goo and Goop Models by Bethesda, Original Goo texture by Bethesda\par
All retextures by redwoodtreesprite\par
\par
Photographer and Texture Credits:\par
\par
algiamil:\par
stock.xching\par
http://www.sxc.hu/\par
algiamil a.k.a mauro simonato \par
Este, Padova, Italy\par
algiamil@hotmail.com\par
\par
fugue\par
stock.xching\par
http://www.sxc.hu/\par
fugue a.k.a Carole N\par
hlfx, ns, Canada\par
http://www.madartists.com\par
sienna@ns.sympatico.ca\par
\par
isdesign:\par
stock.xching\par
http://www.sxc.hu/\par
isdesign a.k.a Tanya Alexander\par
Cloverdale, CA, United States\par
tanya@independentstreakdesign.com\par
\par
kel7700:\par
stock.xching\par
http://www.sxc.hu/\par
kel7700 a.k.a Raquel Paoliello\par
Nova Lima, MG, Brazil\par
kel7700@yahoo.com.br\par
\par
Presmo22:\par
stock.xching\par
http://www.sxc.hu/\par
Przemo22 a.k.a Przemo\par
Posen, Wlkp, Poland\par
http://www.phooto.prv.pl\par
przemulek29@wp.pl\par
\par
SteveMcBil:\par
stock.xching\par
http://www.sxc.hu/\par
SteveMcBil a.k.a Steve McWilliam\par
Runcorn, Cheshire, United Kingdom\par
http://www.rECOrd-lrc.co.uk\par
steve.mcwilliam@btinternet.com\par
\par
Noctua Graphics:\par
http://www.noctua-graphics.de/english/fraset_e.htm\par
\par
jax:\par
http://www.jaxshells.org/\par
\par
LEMOG Maya 3D Graphics\par
http://lemog.free.fr/lemog_v5/index.php?cat=4\par
\par
Renfield Imaging\par
http://www.renfield-imaging.50megs.com/index.html\par
http://www.renfield-imaging.50megs.com/\par
\par
Textures for shells, snail, slug and goop meshes using photos and textures from the above sources:  redwoodtreesprite\par
\par
You may use the snail, slug, goo and goop meshes and textures in any Morrowind or TESCS project.  As usual, please include\par
this readme with any mods using these retextures.    Also do include full credits in your readme or refer to this readme. \par
\par
The shell meshes and textures may be converted for use in Oblivion.  However, I do plan to make an Oblivion shell pack\par
using these meshes and textures, so please contact me before making an Oblivion shells pack with them,\par
and allow 2 months of non-response from me before making a pack.\par
\par
If you make any changes to the snails, slugs, goo or goop stats, please rename the IDs for them, so there won't be any conflicts with other mods using the\par
modder esp or Snail and goop IDs .  You are welcome to make your own esps, and to also use TESAME to extract only the snail entries that you want\par
for insertion into your esps.  Be sure to also extract the goop entries, as they are inventory on the snails.\par
\par
Lastly, you are free to redistribute this mod resource.  HOWEVER, you must make an attempt to contact me, allow at least a month for me to respond,\par
and then if you do upload this pack to a download site, you must send me an email notifying me of the upload.\par
You may send this pack without contacting me to anyone via email, and may upload it to a temporary location like You Send It\par
that keeps the download available for a very short span of time, but NOT to upload sites like RapidShare that keep downloads up indefinitely.\par
\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
Feedback\par
\par
redwoodtreesprite@yahoo.com\par
I'm redwoodtreesprite at The Elder Scrolls Forums (Feel free to PM me there.)\par
http://www.elderscrolls.com/forums/index.php?showuser=13364\par
\par
Any comments, suggestions, or problems with this mod?\par
Send me an email or PM me at The Elder Scrolls Forums.\par
\par
And I'd love to hear of any mods using my resource packs, so you're encouraged\par
to contact me if you do make a mod or modder resource.\b0\par
}
 